it came to
it came to seventh year in the fifth month on the
seventh year in the fifth month on the
seventh year in the fifth month on the tenth day of the month that certain of
tenth day of the month that certain of
tenth day of the month that certain of the elders of Israel came to inquire of
the elders of Israel came to inquire of
the elders of Israel came to inquire of the Lord and sat before me then the word
the Lord and sat before me then the word
the Lord and sat before me then the word of the Lord came to me son of man speak
of the Lord came to me son of man speak
of the Lord came to me son of man speak to the elders of Israel and say to them
to the elders of Israel and say to them
to the elders of Israel and say to them thus says the Lord God have you come to
thus says the Lord God have you come to
thus says the Lord God have you come to inquire of me as I live I will not be
inquire of me as I live I will not be
inquire of me as I live I will not be inquired off by you will you judge them
inquired off by you will you judge them
inquired off by you will you judge them son of man will you judge them then make
son of man will you judge them then make
son of man will you judge them then make known to them the abominations of their
known to them the abominations of their
known to them the abominations of their fathers say to them thus says the Lord
fathers say to them thus says the Lord
fathers say to them thus says the Lord God on the day when I chose Israel and
God on the day when I chose Israel and
God on the day when I chose Israel and raised my hand in an oath to the
raised my hand in an oath to the
raised my hand in an oath to the descendants of the house of Jacob and
descendants of the house of Jacob and
descendants of the house of Jacob and made myself known to them in the land of
made myself known to them in the land of
made myself known to them in the land of Egypt I raised my hand in an oath to
Egypt I raised my hand in an oath to
Egypt I raised my hand in an oath to them saying I am the Lord your God on
them saying I am the Lord your God on
them saying I am the Lord your God on that day I raised my hand in an oath to
that day I raised my hand in an oath to
that day I raised my hand in an oath to them to bring them out of the land of
them to bring them out of the land of
them to bring them out of the land of Egypt into a land that I had searched
Egypt into a land that I had searched
Egypt into a land that I had searched out for them flowing with milk and honey
out for them flowing with milk and honey
out for them flowing with milk and honey the glory of all lands then I said to
the glory of all lands then I said to
the glory of all lands then I said to them each of you throw away the
them each of you throw away the
them each of you throw away the abominations which are before his eyes
abominations which are before his eyes
abominations which are before his eyes and do not defile yourselves with the
and do not defile yourselves with the
and do not defile yourselves with the idols of Egypt I am the Lord your God
idols of Egypt I am the Lord your God
idols of Egypt I am the Lord your God but they rebelled against me and would
but they rebelled against me and would
but they rebelled against me and would not obey me they did not all cast away
not obey me they did not all cast away
not obey me they did not all cast away the abominations which were before their
the abominations which were before their
the abominations which were before their eyes nor did they forsake the idols of
eyes nor did they forsake the idols of
eyes nor did they forsake the idols of then I said I will pour out my fury on
then I said I will pour out my fury on
then I said I will pour out my fury on them and fulfill my anger against them
them and fulfill my anger against them
them and fulfill my anger against them in the midst of the land of Egypt but I
in the midst of the land of Egypt but I
in the midst of the land of Egypt but I acted for my namesake that it should not
acted for my namesake that it should not
acted for my namesake that it should not be profaned before the Gentiles among
be profaned before the Gentiles among
be profaned before the Gentiles among whom they were in whose sight I had made
whom they were in whose sight I had made
whom they were in whose sight I had made myself known to them to bring them out
myself known to them to bring them out
myself known to them to bring them out of the land of Egypt therefore I made
of the land of Egypt therefore I made
of the land of Egypt therefore I made them go out of the land of Egypt and
them go out of the land of Egypt and
them go out of the land of Egypt and brought them into the wilderness and I
brought them into the wilderness and I
brought them into the wilderness and I gave them my statutes and showed them my
gave them my statutes and showed them my
gave them my statutes and showed them my judgments which if a man does he shall
judgments which if a man does he shall
judgments which if a man does he shall live by them moreover I also gave them
live by them moreover I also gave them
live by them moreover I also gave them my Sabbath's to be a sign between them
my Sabbath's to be a sign between them
my Sabbath's to be a sign between them and me that they might know that I am
and me that they might know that I am
and me that they might know that I am the lord who sanctifies them yet the
the lord who sanctifies them yet the
the lord who sanctifies them yet the house of Israel rebelled against me in
house of Israel rebelled against me in
house of Israel rebelled against me in the wilderness they did not walk in my
the wilderness they did not walk in my
the wilderness they did not walk in my statutes they despised my judgments
statutes they despised my judgments
statutes they despised my judgments which if a man does he shall live by
which if a man does he shall live by
which if a man does he shall live by them and they greatly defiled my
them and they greatly defiled my
them and they greatly defiled my Sabbath's then I said I would pour out
Sabbath's then I said I would pour out
Sabbath's then I said I would pour out my fury on them in the wilderness to
my fury on them in the wilderness to
my fury on them in the wilderness to consume
consume
consume but I acted for my name's sake that it
but I acted for my name's sake that it
but I acted for my name's sake that it should not be profaned before the
should not be profaned before the
should not be profaned before the Gentiles in whose sight
Gentiles in whose sight
Gentiles in whose sight I had brought them out so I also raised
I had brought them out so I also raised
I had brought them out so I also raised my hand in an oath to them in the
my hand in an oath to them in the
my hand in an oath to them in the wilderness that I would not bring them
wilderness that I would not bring them
wilderness that I would not bring them into the land which I had given them
into the land which I had given them
into the land which I had given them flowing with milk and honey the glory of
flowing with milk and honey the glory of
flowing with milk and honey the glory of all lands because they despised my
all lands because they despised my
all lands because they despised my judgments and did not walk in my
judgments and did not walk in my
judgments and did not walk in my statutes but profaned my Sabbath's for
statutes but profaned my Sabbath's for
statutes but profaned my Sabbath's for their heart went after their idols
their heart went after their idols
their heart went after their idols nevertheless my eyes spared them from
nevertheless my eyes spared them from
nevertheless my eyes spared them from destruction I did not make an end of
destruction I did not make an end of
destruction I did not make an end of them in the wilderness but I said to
them in the wilderness but I said to
them in the wilderness but I said to their children in the wilderness do not
their children in the wilderness do not
their children in the wilderness do not walk in the statutes of your fathers nor
walk in the statutes of your fathers nor
walk in the statutes of your fathers nor observe their judgments nor defile
observe their judgments nor defile
observe their judgments nor defile yourselves with their idols I am the
yourselves with their idols I am the
yourselves with their idols I am the Lord your God
Lord your God
Lord your God walk in my statutes keep my judgments
walk in my statutes keep my judgments
walk in my statutes keep my judgments and do them hallo my Sabbath's and they
and do them hallo my Sabbath's and they
and do them hallo my Sabbath's and they will be a sign between me and you that
will be a sign between me and you that
will be a sign between me and you that you may know that I am the Lord your God
you may know that I am the Lord your God
you may know that I am the Lord your God notwithstanding the children rebelled
notwithstanding the children rebelled
notwithstanding the children rebelled against me they did not walk in my
against me they did not walk in my
against me they did not walk in my statutes and were not careful to observe
statutes and were not careful to observe
statutes and were not careful to observe my judgments which if a man does he
my judgments which if a man does he
my judgments which if a man does he shall live by them but they profaned my
shall live by them but they profaned my
shall live by them but they profaned my Sabbath's then I said I would pour out
Sabbath's then I said I would pour out
Sabbath's then I said I would pour out my fury on them and fulfill my anger
my fury on them and fulfill my anger
my fury on them and fulfill my anger against them in the wilderness
against them in the wilderness
against them in the wilderness nevertheless I withdrew my hand and
nevertheless I withdrew my hand and
nevertheless I withdrew my hand and acted for my name's sake that it should
acted for my name's sake that it should
acted for my name's sake that it should not be profaned in the sight of the
not be profaned in the sight of the
not be profaned in the sight of the Gentiles in whose sight I had brought
Gentiles in whose sight I had brought
Gentiles in whose sight I had brought them out also I raised my hand in an
them out also I raised my hand in an
them out also I raised my hand in an oath to those in the wilderness that I
oath to those in the wilderness that I
oath to those in the wilderness that I would scatter them among the Gentiles
would scatter them among the Gentiles
would scatter them among the Gentiles and disperse them throughout the
and disperse them throughout the
and disperse them throughout the countries because they had not executed
countries because they had not executed
countries because they had not executed my judgments but had despised my
my judgments but had despised my
my judgments but had despised my statutes profaned my Sabbath's and their
statutes profaned my Sabbath's and their
statutes profaned my Sabbath's and their eyes were fixed on their father's
eyes were fixed on their father's
eyes were fixed on their father's violence
violence
violence therefore I also gave them up to
therefore I also gave them up to
therefore I also gave them up to statutes that were not good and
statutes that were not good and
statutes that were not good and judgments by which they could not live
judgments by which they could not live
judgments by which they could not live and I pronounced them unclean because of
and I pronounced them unclean because of
and I pronounced them unclean because of their ritual gifts in that they caused
their ritual gifts in that they caused
their ritual gifts in that they caused all their first form to pass through the
all their first form to pass through the
all their first form to pass through the fire that I might make them dissolute
fire that I might make them dissolute
fire that I might make them dissolute and that they might know that I am
therefore son of man speak to the house
therefore son of man speak to the house of Israel and say to them thus says the
of Israel and say to them thus says the
of Israel and say to them thus says the Lord God in this to your fathers have
Lord God in this to your fathers have
Lord God in this to your fathers have blasphemed me by being unfaithful to me
blasphemed me by being unfaithful to me
blasphemed me by being unfaithful to me when I brought them into the land
when I brought them into the land
when I brought them into the land concerning which I had raised my hand in
concerning which I had raised my hand in
concerning which I had raised my hand in an oath to give them and they saw all
an oath to give them and they saw all
an oath to give them and they saw all the high hills and all the thick trees
the high hills and all the thick trees
the high hills and all the thick trees there they offered their sacrifices and
there they offered their sacrifices and
there they offered their sacrifices and provoked me with their offerings there
provoked me with their offerings there
provoked me with their offerings there they also sent up their sweet aroma and
they also sent up their sweet aroma and
they also sent up their sweet aroma and poured out their drink offerings then I
poured out their drink offerings then I
poured out their drink offerings then I said to them what is this high place to
said to them what is this high place to
said to them what is this high place to which you go so its name is called Baima
which you go so its name is called Baima
which you go so its name is called Baima to this day
to this day
to this day therefore saved to the house of Israel
therefore saved to the house of Israel
therefore saved to the house of Israel thus says the Lord God are you defiling
thus says the Lord God are you defiling
thus says the Lord God are you defiling yourselves in the manner of your fathers
yourselves in the manner of your fathers
yourselves in the manner of your fathers and committing harlotry according to
and committing harlotry according to
and committing harlotry according to their abominations for when you offer
their abominations for when you offer
their abominations for when you offer your gifts and make your sons pass
your gifts and make your sons pass
your gifts and make your sons pass through the fire you defile yourselves
through the fire you defile yourselves
through the fire you defile yourselves with all your idols even to this day so
with all your idols even to this day so
with all your idols even to this day so shall I be inquired of by you or house
shall I be inquired of by you or house
shall I be inquired of by you or house of Israel as I live says the Lord God I
of Israel as I live says the Lord God I
of Israel as I live says the Lord God I will not be inquired of by you what you
will not be inquired of by you what you
will not be inquired of by you what you have in your mind shall never be when
have in your mind shall never be when
have in your mind shall never be when you say we will be like the Gentiles
you say we will be like the Gentiles
you say we will be like the Gentiles like the families in other countries
like the families in other countries
like the families in other countries serving wood and stove as I live
serving wood and stove as I live
serving wood and stove as I live surely with a mighty hand with an
surely with a mighty hand with an
surely with a mighty hand with an outstretched arm and with fury poured
outstretched arm and with fury poured
outstretched arm and with fury poured out I will I will bring you out from the
out I will I will bring you out from the
out I will I will bring you out from the peoples and gather you out of the
peoples and gather you out of the
peoples and gather you out of the countries where you are scattered with a
countries where you are scattered with a
countries where you are scattered with a mighty hand with an outstretched arm and
mighty hand with an outstretched arm and
mighty hand with an outstretched arm and with fury poured out and I will bring
with fury poured out and I will bring
with fury poured out and I will bring you into the wilderness of the people's
you into the wilderness of the people's
you into the wilderness of the people's and there I will plead my case with you
and there I will plead my case with you
and there I will plead my case with you face to face
face to face
face to face just as I pleaded my case with your
just as I pleaded my case with your
just as I pleaded my case with your father's in the wilderness of the land
father's in the wilderness of the land
father's in the wilderness of the land of Egypt so I will plead my case with
of Egypt so I will plead my case with
of Egypt so I will plead my case with you I will make you pass under the rod
you I will make you pass under the rod
you I will make you pass under the rod and I will bring you into the bond of
and I will bring you into the bond of
and I will bring you into the bond of the covenant I will purge the rebels
the covenant I will purge the rebels
the covenant I will purge the rebels from among you and those who transgress
from among you and those who transgress
from among you and those who transgress against me I will bring them out of the
against me I will bring them out of the
against me I will bring them out of the country where they dwell but they shall
country where they dwell but they shall
country where they dwell but they shall not enter the land of Israel then you
not enter the land of Israel then you
not enter the land of Israel then you will know that I am
will know that I am
will know that I am as for you Oh house of Israel thus says
as for you Oh house of Israel thus says
as for you Oh house of Israel thus says the Lord God
the Lord God
the Lord God go serve every one of you his idols and
go serve every one of you his idols and
go serve every one of you his idols and Hereafter
Hereafter
Hereafter if you will not obey me but profane my
if you will not obey me but profane my
if you will not obey me but profane my Holy Name no more with your gifts and
Holy Name no more with your gifts and
Holy Name no more with your gifts and your idols for on my holy mountain on
your idols for on my holy mountain on
your idols for on my holy mountain on the mountain height of Israel says the
the mountain height of Israel says the
the mountain height of Israel says the Lord God there all the house of Israel
Lord God there all the house of Israel
Lord God there all the house of Israel all of them in the land shall serve me
all of them in the land shall serve me
all of them in the land shall serve me there I will accept them and there I
there I will accept them and there I
there I will accept them and there I will require your offerings and the
will require your offerings and the
will require your offerings and the firstfruits of your sacrifices together
firstfruits of your sacrifices together
firstfruits of your sacrifices together with all your holy things I will accept
with all your holy things I will accept
with all your holy things I will accept you as a sweet aroma when I bring you
you as a sweet aroma when I bring you
you as a sweet aroma when I bring you out from the peoples and gather you out
out from the peoples and gather you out
out from the peoples and gather you out of the countries where you have been
of the countries where you have been
of the countries where you have been scattered and I will be hallowed in you
scattered and I will be hallowed in you
scattered and I will be hallowed in you before the Gentiles then you shall know
before the Gentiles then you shall know
before the Gentiles then you shall know that I am the Lord when I bring you into
that I am the Lord when I bring you into
that I am the Lord when I bring you into the land of Israel into the country for
the land of Israel into the country for
the land of Israel into the country for which I raised my hand in an oath to
which I raised my hand in an oath to
which I raised my hand in an oath to give to your fathers and there you shall
give to your fathers and there you shall
give to your fathers and there you shall remember your ways and all your doings
remember your ways and all your doings
remember your ways and all your doings with which you were defiled and you
with which you were defiled and you
with which you were defiled and you shall load with yourselves in your own
shall load with yourselves in your own
shall load with yourselves in your own sight because of all the evils that you
sight because of all the evils that you
sight because of all the evils that you have committed then you shall know that
have committed then you shall know that
have committed then you shall know that I am the Lord when I have dealt with you
I am the Lord when I have dealt with you
I am the Lord when I have dealt with you for my name's sake not according to your
for my name's sake not according to your
for my name's sake not according to your wicked ways nor according to your
wicked ways nor according to your
wicked ways nor according to your corrupt doings o house of Israel
corrupt doings o house of Israel
corrupt doings o house of Israel says the Lord God furthermore the word
says the Lord God furthermore the word
says the Lord God furthermore the word of the Lord came to me saying son of man
of the Lord came to me saying son of man
of the Lord came to me saying son of man set your face toward the south preach
set your face toward the south preach
set your face toward the south preach against the south and prophesy against
against the south and prophesy against
against the south and prophesy against the forest land the south and say to the
the forest land the south and say to the
the forest land the south and say to the forest of the south hear the word of the
forest of the south hear the word of the
forest of the south hear the word of the Lord thus says the Lord God behold I
Lord thus says the Lord God behold I
Lord thus says the Lord God behold I will Kindle a fire in you and it shall
will Kindle a fire in you and it shall
will Kindle a fire in you and it shall devour every green tree and every dry
devour every green tree and every dry
devour every green tree and every dry tree in you the blazing flame shall not
tree in you the blazing flame shall not
tree in you the blazing flame shall not be quenched and all faces from the south
be quenched and all faces from the south
be quenched and all faces from the south to the north shall be scorched white all
to the north shall be scorched white all
to the north shall be scorched white all flesh shall see that I the LORD have
flesh shall see that I the LORD have
flesh shall see that I the LORD have kindled it it shall not be quenched
then I said ah Lord God
then I said ah Lord God they say of me does he not speak
they say of me does he not speak
they say of me does he not speak parables